separate pera, round 2 (#1423)
reach-sh/reach-lang: docs/src/changelog/index.md

@{rcHead("0.1.12-rc.0")}

+ 2022/09/15: **Backwards Incompatible**:

>   In rc6, we introduced the PeraWallet fallback for Algorand wallets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In 0.1.11-rc.6, we introduced the PeraWallet fallback for Algorand wallets.
```
